inroom
Alan: “What is happening?. Why Gabriel is acting very strange?”
Gabriel: “Alan, quick!! Get this, the key for your Father & Mother bedroom.”
Alan: “Gabriel!! what is happening?”
Gabriel: “There is no time to speak. Quick Alan get back into your room, and…”
Gabriel: “...Do not trust Francis.”
Alan: “Why can’t I  trust Francis?, what is happening?”
Alan:“Oh yes, the key.”
Alan:“The key to my mother and father bedroom.”
Alan: “But… Why now, Where did Gabriel get the key?”
Alan:“The room was never opened before,” 
Alan:“I have to go and check what is in there.” 
Alan:“Maybe there will be a pieces of this picture and numbers on it like this.”
Alan: “Now there is a picture of me with number 5 on it” 
Alan:“and the bottom left of the picture with number 8 on it.”
Alan:“Maybe in my parent’s room there will be some clue.”
infrontofroom
Alan: “I have to find more clues on what is happening.” 
Alan:“I have to start with my parents’ room” 
Alan:“Its just at the end of the corridor.”
Alan:"I must move quickly, Francis is still looking for me."
getcaught
Francis:“Alan!!, why are you not sleeping.”
Francis:"Get back to your room."
open parentroom
Alan: “This is the room.”
inroom
Alan:"This room looks so old and dusty"
Alan:"and it looks like everything has never been touched for a long time."
Alan:“There must be something Gabriel wants me to see in this room.”



interactpic
showpic
Alan: “She is my mother, she was so beautiful.”
Alan: "There is a number on the back again."
Alan: "This time its number 2."
cut1
cut2
cut3
Alan: “Why does this feel so warm, good and happy, so this is how it feels to be loved?”
Alan: “That box looks strange.”


interactbox
Alan: “The box is locked and it need some kind of number locking mechanism.”
showbox
Alan:“What is that note?”
shownote
“What does this mean?, Are there keys in this box?” 
“Maybe these are the keys for the rooms which are across my room, I wonder what is in there.”


enter weird rooms
Alan:"There are something weird with these rooms, I should check out all of them."


find pic in room
pic
Alan:"Another piece of the picture, number 1."
Alan:"It must have something to do with the box downstairs."

parentboxunlock
Alan: “Another key?”
Alan:“Again?”
Alan:“Maybe it's for the room that is besides the living room.”


wander
Alan: “I have to check the room next to the living room.”


clickparentwork
Alan:“Yes, It's the key for this room."

enterwork
Alan:"Something is eerie about this room..."


interactlocket
Alan:“What is this, a locket?”
closed locket
open locket
Alan:“This must be picture of mom.”
Alan:“This belonged to dad.”
cutscene alan stalk
Alan:"What’s that…"
Alan:"What were they doing?"


interact pic
pic
Alan:"A piece of picture, a man,"
Alan:"He looks so cool and handsome."
Alan:“A number, 7…”
Alan:“The picture it's complete.”
complete picture
Alan:"I have all the numbers. It's 58217."
Alan:"I should go to the reading room and unlock the box."


exit room
Gabriel:“Alan!!”
Alan:“Gabriel? What is going on”
Gabriel:“Take this! It is the key to Francis’ room”
Alan:“What is happ…..”
Gabriel:“There is no time, Alan!!”
Gabriel:“You have to go to Francis’ room now, there is a clue on what happened to your parents.”
Alan: “But, Gabri..”
Gabriel: “Go!!”
gabriel go away


caught by fran
Francis: “Alan!!!, why are you not asleep.”




